J#28770 - clarify mutual TLS (#546)
cds-hooks/docs: docs/specification/current.md

The service agreement negotiated between the CDS Client vendor/provider and the CDS Service provider will include obligations the CDS Client vendor/provider commits to the CDS Service provider. Some agreements MAY include the use of mutual TLS, in which both ends of the channel are authenticated.

> However, mutual TLS is impractical for many organizations. Lacking mutual TLS, only the CDS Service endpoint will be authenticated because the CDS Client initiates the TLS channel set-up.  To enable the CDS Service to authenticate the identity of the CDS Client, CDS Hooks uses digitally signed [JSON web tokens (JWT)](https://jwt.io/) ([rfc7519](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519)).

Reviewer: Cross-posting from the jira.  I think moving the "because" helps the flow.  I'd still advocate for "Without mutual TLS" (or "In the absence of mutual TLS") over "Lacking mutual TLS"

> However, mutual TLS is impractical for many organizations. Lacking mutual TLS, only the CDS Service endpoint will be authenticated because the CDS Client initiates the TLS channel set-up.  To enable the CDS Service to authenticate the identity of the CDS Client, CDS Hooks uses digitally signed [JSON web tokens (JWT)](https://jwt.io/) ([rfc7519](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519)).

Author: ```suggestion
However, mutual TLS is impractical for many organizations. In the absence of mutual TLS, only the CDS Service endpoint will be authenticated because the CDS Client initiates the TLS channel set-up.  To enable the CDS Service to authenticate the identity of the CDS Client, CDS Hooks uses digitally signed [JSON web tokens (JWT)](https://jwt.io/) ([rfc7519](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519)).
```
